Add documentation for module option context (#1057)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_program_flow_modules.rst

  If ``options`` is specified, ``required_by`` refers to the sub-options described in ``options`` and behaves as in :ref:`argument_spec_dependencies`.

:context:

  .. versionadded:: 2.17

>   This key accepts an arbitrary dict of additional context utilized by the module for a specific option.

Reviewer: I feel like this should be expanded a bit to make it clear "[that 'context' allows for custom content that will be ignored by the core engine](https://github.com/ansible/ansible/pull/82183#issuecomment-1806043529)"

>   This key accepts an arbitrary dict of additional context utilized by the module for a specific option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can set the value of the ``context`` key to a dict of custom content. This allows you to provide additional context in the argument spec.
```
